README.md, before:

# RobloxScripts

A collection of Roblox scripts I build for specific games, with a shared UI library where it makes sense.

## Quick Start

Run the loader in your executor:

```lua
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TomtomFH/RobloxScripts/refs/heads/main/main.lua", true))()
```

## Supported Games

- **Catch And Tame**
	- Place ID: 96645548064314
	- Script: games/96645548064314.lua
	- https://www.roblox.com/games/96645548064314/
- **Dress To Impress**
	- Place ID: 15101393044
	- Script: games/15101393044.lua
	- https://www.roblox.com/games/15101393044/
- **Ultimate Tree Incremental**
	- Place ID: 105344022671234
	- Script: games/105344022671234.lua
	- https://www.roblox.com/games/105344022671234/
- **Egg Incremental**
	- Place ID: 137034315542002
	- Script: games/137034315542002.lua
	- https://www.roblox.com/games/137034315542002/

## Notes

- Some scripts enable features by default (for example, Catch And Tame). If you want different defaults, open the script for that game and change the toggles or values.
- I plan to add config saving to the UI later, but for now I am focused on building the game scripts.

Commit message:

update README to mention config saving feature [v1.2.3]

README.md, after:

# RobloxScripts

A collection of Roblox scripts I build for specific games, with a shared UI library where it makes sense.

## Quick Start

Run the loader in your executor:

```lua
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TomtomFH/RobloxScripts/refs/heads/main/main.lua", true))()
```

## Supported Games

- **Catch And Tame**
	- Place ID: 96645548064314
	- Script: games/96645548064314.lua
	- https://www.roblox.com/games/96645548064314/
- **Dress To Impress**
	- Place ID: 15101393044
	- Script: games/15101393044.lua
	- https://www.roblox.com/games/15101393044/
- **Ultimate Tree Incremental**
	- Place ID: 105344022671234
	- Script: games/105344022671234.lua
	- https://www.roblox.com/games/105344022671234/
- **Egg Incremental**
	- Place ID: 137034315542002
	- Script: games/137034315542002.lua
	- https://www.roblox.com/games/137034315542002/

## Notes

- All scripts now default to having features disabled. You can enable what you want through the UI, and your settings will be saved automatically.
- The UI library automatically saves your settings (toggle states and input values) per game. Your preferences will load automatically the next time you run the script.
